Natalie Austin: Hey Chris.
Christopher Clay: Good morning.
Natalie Austin: How are you
Christopher Clay: Pretty good. Just enjoying this Monday, it looks like we're gonna get some storms outside here today.
Natalie Austin: I know we are
Natalie Austin: Welcoming the bright heart.
Christopher Clay: Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Are you new to the
Natalie Austin: Box Suboxone
Christopher Clay: And no, I'm not. I've been on it since approximately 2012
Christopher Clay: Just using going through different doctors like I had, you know, with Medicaid and then switch jobs and last insurance made too much money, so I didn't have Medicaid
Christopher Clay: Things like that.
Natalie Austin: Are you in Pennsylvania, Ohio.
Christopher Clay: I am in Ohio.
Ohio.
Christopher Clay: Where are you out of just curious.
Natalie Austin: I'm in Pennsylvania right by
Christopher Clay: Your clothes, Louis.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Are you working from home.
Christopher Clay: No, unfortunately not my factory shut down. We supply parts for General Motors. So we shut down and 17th of March.
Christopher Clay: My wife had the norovirus she got that, unlike the 14th. So my last day was the 15th, because I had to take it off. So I wouldn't spread it to everybody. And then the factory shut down. Two days later.
Christopher Clay: Cheese. So I
Christopher Clay: It's been boring. Since then, very boring.
Natalie Austin: What are you doing about bills.
Christopher Clay: Up my wife. She's an essential worker, which it's weird because she's an accountant, but she's an essential worker so
Christopher Clay: She gets paid I'm getting unemployment, but by filed for four weeks, and it's each paycheck still says pending so they're so backed up.
Christopher Clay: I know one positive thing I did get my 1200 dollar stimulus check on Friday so
Natalie Austin: I heard the highest getting them now.
Christopher Clay: Yeah, that helped out
Natalie Austin: Good, good.
Natalie Austin: That's awesome.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so one last time you saw a doctor for Suboxone
Christopher Clay: It was about my per script shin ran out.
Christopher Clay: Last Thursday. I think so. It was like the end of March. I could go get my bottle and check
Christopher Clay: I was supposed to. She gave me a one week's prescription and then I was supposed to go back up to Toledo.
Christopher Clay: But Toledo's kind of a hot spot right now for the virus. So I'm kind of not really going anywhere. And she didn't
Christopher Clay: She was really old. So she didn't know how to do any telemedicine and they wanted $140 each time just to go up there. Plus my prescription on top. They don't take Medicaid or anything. So we'll
Natalie Austin: See, yeah. A little pricey.
Christopher Clay: Yep. And then the previous doctor before that I saw Dr. Wayne koala. He is at a Cleveland and I saw him for 21 months straight
Christopher Clay: I stopped on to him in October, just because the price. He wanted $180 a month and then I had to pay for the prescription on top of it, it just ended up being a little too much.
Natalie Austin: I know I know Dr quality.
Christopher Clay: Do you really
Natalie Austin: Funny. Yeah, I used to work with him.
Natalie Austin: In Pennsylvania. We worked in a
Natalie Austin: Laser vein center together.
Christopher Clay: Over the years ago.
Natalie Austin: A funny. I know he lives in Ohio.
Christopher Clay: Yep. He's in somewhere in the area that is
Natalie Austin: Where is he now.
Christopher Clay: He's in the Cleveland area somewhere. He actually was a lot of clinic.
Christopher Clay: I might have to move rooms, because my dog bark.
Christopher Clay: Is a small traveling clinic that he goes to and Brian Ohio.
Christopher Clay: Essentially, you just show up. You give them 200 bucks. And he writes a prescription. He doesn't do any drug testing. You don't have to do
Christopher Clay: Any counseling, you might give them a piece of paper. And that's it, but
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Christopher Clay: I mean, he's a nice guy. He just made me late for work twice, and I almost lost my job is he's messy.
Natalie Austin: That's not good.
Christopher Clay: That's why I stopped going there and too expensive.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, definitely.
Natalie Austin: So I'm the one done some of the places here in Pennsylvania. They charge 300 over $300
Natalie Austin: She's
Christopher Clay: It's crazy.
Natalie Austin: It is awful. Sounds like price gouging you know
Christopher Clay: It really is. And just being on Medicaid and getting approved for it. That helps out in the pricing so much. I mean, it's
Christopher Clay: It's like some of the doctors figured out what you're going to pay on the street price per stuff and then they figure out, well, we can charge a little bit less if you come here. So if you want to go the legal way and pay 300 or the illegal a 400. It's kind of crazy.
Natalie Austin: It is, yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's why we deal with insurance. We don't only think we're cash pay
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So your script. Are you in
Natalie Austin: Are you in with all right now.
Christopher Clay: I still my last strip that I had, I had one piece left. So I cut it in four pieces. And the last one I took was Saturday.
Christopher Clay: Okay, so I'm a little but I just woke up a little bit ago and I got my coffee, so
Natalie Austin: She take the beeper an orphan scripts eight slash to
Christopher Clay: Yes, that's correct.
Natalie Austin: Twice a day.
Christopher Clay: He had me on walking a half which was kind of a pain because they were given me the tablets and I had to cut the tablets at the time. And those were kind of a pain but
Christopher Clay: Either or it doesn't bother me. I, I don't like that's the one thing that I've honestly the one prescription medicine I've ever had that I don't like to take more of than it says on the bottle to for something with it. It just seems like if you take more. It doesn't work like it doesn't
Right.
Natalie Austin: She did one and a half twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Would you say one or day or
Christopher Clay: The one and a half twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Christopher Clay: Or no, no, I'm confused.
Christopher Clay: It's not. Yeah, one and a half twice a day. It's not too.
Natalie Austin: I look in them. I want to check your
Natalie Austin: Prescriptions online.
Natalie Austin: After you had last
Christopher Clay: So I think the last time, in which she gave me a one week supply and it was like 13 of them.
Christopher Clay: My man.
Natalie Austin: Seven days.
Christopher Clay: Let me see. I've got my somewhere.
Natalie Austin: Was a one and a half a day.
Christopher Clay: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay. Yes, that sounds right. Yeah.
Christopher Clay: Was
Christopher Clay: Place one and a half film under the tongue daily
Natalie Austin: Okay, perfect.
Christopher Clay: It was so confusing because this time I got the strips. Before I was getting a tablets, and I'd have to cut them and break them and they were such a pain to do
Natalie Austin: And they're shocked a small small to
Christopher Clay: Yes, they are in for a while. Dr. Call Academy doing three quarters of one. So going from two to one and three quarters. And that was kind of break up three quarters of on
That right
Natalie Austin: So that that does work for you. The one and a half what one and a half daily
Christopher Clay: It seems to I was on the two for such a long time and just for years and the doctor, one of the doctors. Before Dr quality.
Christopher Clay: Every time he would just say, do you want to stay in the same dose you on the lower
Christopher Clay: And it was a group setting and everybody would talk about it, you know, we'd always say, Oh, we're going to stay in the same dose, blah, blah, blah. But
Christopher Clay: Finally, it just got to the point I was just tired of you know I eventually want to stop taking and I don't want to take anything
Christopher Clay: So I just kind of cut myself down and Dr. K was like, hey, you can't build below one and a half a day without telling me or without me, you know, arranging it for you or something, I don't know.
Right.
Natalie Austin: Well, tell me about your story. What got you on to the opioids.
Natalie Austin: For. And how old are you,
Christopher Clay: It was about 2009 2010 head I broke my foot and three spots at work and got biking in percocet from the doctor and first time I ever took today via just a huge jolt of energy and you kind of feel like you're on top of the world. And then once you get that feeling you just kind
Christopher Clay: Of never want to stop went from that to buy and everything I could off the street to get in like the oxy Cotton's and they'll pain is from friends. And then finally,
Christopher Clay: Saw the Suboxone on the street back in was probably like 2012, I think it was one of my cousin started taking it.
Christopher Clay: And kind of sounds dumb. It was a lot cheaper than the other stuff, but it actually seemed to work better and you will feel bad. The next day, you wouldn't be in withdraw.
Christopher Clay: That was probably the worst thing for me with the withdrawal just day two or day three with you this cold sweats, your body just feels pains everywhere.
Christopher Clay: That's probably one of my worst things probably the withdrawal part. That's what I was always worried about side always try and stay ahead of the game either make contrivance box and tablets or vitamins or Percocet, or something.
Christopher Clay: But it just got to the point where you see all your money disappear, and you see working 6070 hours a week, and you're driving a beat up car that you don't have gas to put in it. You know, it just got to the point along time ago. Whereas, okay, I need to do something something different.
Natalie Austin: Well, good for you. I'm glad you're
Natalie Austin: You're getting healthier. You're on the right track.
Christopher Clay: Thank you.
Christopher Clay: And it's
Christopher Clay: My situation, it's kind of him might not be any more. But when I go to explain it to doctors. It's usually the opposite. They don't have somebody that's already on Suboxone or by and that off of the street.
Christopher Clay: So usually when I explain it to the doctors. A lot of times they look at me kinda weird like, Oh, well, I mean, I guess that's a different situation. You know, usually get to go in with the dirty drug screen to get Suboxone that have it in your system to get it. That makes sense.
Natalie Austin: Maybe for your first visit. Yeah. But since you're a transfer, you know,
Natalie Austin: It's okay.
Christopher Clay: But yeah, that's about it. Just, just trying to better
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: past medical history.
Christopher Clay: Nothing really. I've had a kidney stone, years and years ago maybe like 2009 or so that's really a
Christopher Clay: Year ago I really don't go see the doctor unless
Christopher Clay: Like, come on, say, the flu or something urgent something major
Natalie Austin: Pass surgeries.
Christopher Clay: A just the kidney stone removal. If that's even a surgery they went in with the basket and took it out.
Natalie Austin: Any allergies to anything.
Christopher Clay: Just your seasonal like the spring allergies mowing, hey, stuff like that, you
Christopher Clay: Have only
Christopher Clay: Tylenol. I don't take that it seems like anytime I take it, it makes like my back and body just hurt really really bad. So one of my doc, my family doctor from years ago said, I might be allergic to Tylenol possibly
Christopher Clay: Okay, so I just take ibuprofen for headaches.
Natalie Austin: Um, family history or your parents still alive.
Christopher Clay: Yes, they are.
Natalie Austin: Alive and well, how old are they
Christopher Clay: 71 and 60 so both live both well
Natalie Austin: Okay, any medical issues.
Christopher Clay: No, they're both kind of my size know diabetes. No.
Christopher Clay: Blood pressure issues or anything.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Social History, are you married single
Christopher Clay: Single but I live with my fiance. We've been together for a little over five years.
Christopher Clay: Any kids sweet or she is a 17 YEAR OLD IN A 15 year old.
Natalie Austin: Um, any alcohol use, or marijuana use
Christopher Clay: Nope. IV drug use.
Natalie Austin: Nope, tobacco.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: How long you been smoking.
Christopher Clay: I would say off it on for probably about 12 years
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So no other medications, but your Suboxone you don't take Tylenol or you don't take them vitamins or anything over the counter.
Christopher Clay: I do take vitamins.
Christopher Clay: We've just been taken them for a few months now, it's
Natalie Austin: High on their list.
Christopher Clay: Man Ty vitamin
Okay.
Christopher Clay: And then
Christopher Clay: We've been we started taking magnesium at night.
Christopher Clay: Okay, for the supposedly it helps. Call me at night, then it helps you go to the bathroom in the morning here.
Christopher Clay: Okay, regular been taken that it's really it
Christopher Clay: We stopped drinking soda and all sugary drinks, a little over a year ago.
Christopher Clay: So just coffee and water. That's it.
Natalie Austin: For drinking for you. Yep. Pants. But I like to, that's why.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Review of systems any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, diarrhea, nope.
Natalie Austin: No withdrawal symptoms and no headaches good not
Christopher Clay: Not necessarily. My nose is starting to run a little bit, but I don't know if that's from like the warm and cold. I was outside earlier and it's super, super windy here.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So positive, you know, runny nose, otherwise. Now, headache, fever, chills, my algis
Christopher Clay: Know,
And I've been
Christopher Clay: Even if I kind of feel warm. I've been trying to psych myself out of it. So I don't want to think I have something else.
Natalie Austin: Any
Natalie Austin: Anxiety, depression,
Christopher Clay: Anxiety. Yes. Definitely a lot of cabin fever from being stuck at home.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I bet.
Christopher Clay: I will we, we have a small supply of
Christopher Clay: Face masks. Like I have three or four in 95 masks, then only a couple just regular mass. So I'm trying really not to go anywhere at all. Just because you know, rich or dress good don't dress. Good. You can still have the virus. So
Natalie Austin: Yeah, no.
Christopher Clay: Been trying to stay away, you
Natalie Austin: Discriminate does it
Christopher Clay: Fit. It really does not know
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Okay so 14 point system reviewed positive winery a positive anxiety. Everything else is negative. I'm physical exam. How tall are you,
Christopher Clay: Five nine.
Natalie Austin: Okay. And how much do you weigh
Natalie Austin: 160 okay I'm at AMP T Pirlo general, what about webinars white male Nokia distress lungs non labor aspirations added an understanding cardiac regulate and rhythm extremities know edema muscle skeletal 5555 normal gate.
Natalie Austin: Neurological crammers to through 12 and tact site alert and oriented times three pleasant cooperative
Natalie Austin: I'm wearing glasses. I forgot to put that up top wears glasses. I'm
Natalie Austin: Lymphatic not but the know lymphatic mill and fed off of the skin know rashes next line assessment opioid abuse f one 1.10
Natalie Austin: Tobacco abuse.
Natalie Austin: History of renal stones.
Natalie Austin: Next line plan continue
Natalie Austin: People offering strips one and a half daily
Natalie Austin: Will begin with group counseling on Thursdays.
Christopher Clay: Okay.
Natalie Austin: We can that will send you an email about that. Okay.
Perfect.
Natalie Austin: I will do monthly urine drug screens bloodwork initial blood work through to send you a
Natalie Austin: Check or monthly discuss tobacco cessation copy to Dr. Jamison for cosine
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: I think it's everything every other questions for me.
Christopher Clay: Now, oh, I guess. How often will we be meeting. I guess I never really asked that to the bright health people. How often do you meet
Natalie Austin: I'm just in the groups on Thursdays.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, unless you want to individually, you're welcome to meet with me individually whenever on Mondays.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: Let me send this script out. Okay, so don't leave here.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Go through
Natalie Austin: Kroger
Natalie Austin: Today is Monday.
Natalie Austin: 456
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's see here.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I sent it to Kroger
Christopher Clay: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Is that right
Christopher Clay: Yep, yep. That'll be perfect.
Natalie Austin: Okay, send it in for
Natalie Austin: 11 days because normally, I'll see you on Thursday. So I gave you enough until next Thursday.
Christopher Clay: Okay, perfect.
Thanks, everyone.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, sound good. Yep.
Christopher Clay: That sounds
Natalie Austin: Appreciated cold.
Natalie Austin: I'm I'm traveling, we have anything else to go over
Natalie Austin: You, they'll send you the email for the urine for the blood work.
Natalie Austin: And for the counseling information.
Christopher Clay: Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: Let me put one note the chart here. I'll be right back.
Natalie Austin: Your back
Christopher Clay: Sounds good.
Natalie Austin: See
Natalie Austin: October five,
Christopher Clay: Yes.
Know,
Natalie Austin: Sent the script in so should be ready about a half an hour.
Natalie Austin: Okay, and I wrote a note. So you should be good in the chart.
Natalie Austin: You should be good to go.
Christopher Clay: Alrighty, very much. I appreciate it.
Natalie Austin: Okay. You're welcome. See, you probably next Thursday.
Christopher Clay: Okay. Have a good one. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Okay you to any more questions.
Christopher Clay: No, not really. Um, I think you said everything's pretty much in the email. So I'll check that and then nothing I can think of it all now.
Natalie Austin: Okay. In the meantime, you know, I hope you feel free to call us if you have any questions.
Christopher Clay: Okay, cool.
Christopher Clay: Okay, thank you very much.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome.
Christopher Clay: Okay, bye.
Bye bye.